keycode 66 = Mode_switch
keysym q = q Q minus
keysym w = w W plus
keysym e = e E equal
keysym r = r R bracketleft
keysym t = t T bracketright
keysym y = y Y braceleft
keysym u = u U braceright
keysym i = i I bar
keysym o = o O parenleft
keysym p = p P parenright
keysym a = a A slash
keysym s = s S backslash
keysym d = d D question
keysym f = f F apostrophe
keysym g = g G quotedbl
keysym h = h H Left
keysym l = l L Right
keysym k = k K Up
keysym j = j J Down
keysym z = z Z ampersand
keysym x = x X asterisk
keysym c = c C less
keysym v = v V greater
keysym b = b B semicolon
keysym n = n N colon
keysym m = m M comma
keysym comma = comma comma period

